---
layout: default
title:  Recently finished courses
date:   2026-01-26 00:00:01 +00:00
categories: jekyll update
---

## {{page.title}}
#### <span class="digit">{{page.date|date:"%Y.%m.%d"}}</span>

# Google UX Design Professional Certificate

(Completed 2025.12.25) - I finally completed this course just before the last day of 2025. What a long journey! The materials in the last two modules had been updated, and they no longer required a peer-graded assignment, which saved me a lot of time. (Actually I saw many other uploaded incomplete assignments to cheat and it just waste my time to review them)

My main purpose in taking this course was to understand what UX really means in the development cycle. The course titles themselves already outline the steps:

* Foundations of User Experience (UX) Design
* Start the UX Design Process: Empathize, Define, and Ideate
* Build Wireframes and Low-Fidelity Prototypes
* Conduct UX Research and Test Early Concepts
* Create High-Fidelity Designs and Prototypes in Figma
* Build Dynamic User Interfaces (UI) for Websites
* Design a User Experience for Social Good & Prepare for Jobs

In layman's terms, the process can be summarized as:

* Discover and understand user needs.
* Translate the general idea into clear statements. For example: *Mary is a housewife who sometimes needs to order pizza, but she finds there is no app for her favourite store—or the existing app is difficult to use due to reasons A, B, and C.*
* Brainstorm ideas on paper: sketch five different layouts for each screen, then combine the best elements.
* Ask for feedback on these paper prototypes.
* Convert the paper screens into digital designs in Figma, adding visual elements.
* Use Figma's interactive features to build a demo and gather feedback again.
* Deliver the final design to developers, including the colour scheme, motion flow, and design rationale.

